Add docs (#1)
IntuitiveWebSolutions/gen3-template: src/components/layout/README.md

## Layout components

All the top level layout components should live in this directory.

> [`NavbarMain`](./NavbarMain.vue), [`NavbarModule`](./NavbarModule.vue) and [`Footer`](./Footer.vue) components are only rendered when the app is running in one of the non-production modes. These components are images of the corresponding page elements in Gen2 and are strategically placed on the screen so the developer has an idea of how the page would look like in Gen2 while developing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vies generated from this project are compiled without page chrome like Navigation, Sub-navigation, or Footers. That's because these things are provided in the Gen2 page where this project will live. To facilitate development, the template includes [`NavbarMain`](./NavbarMain.vue), [`NavbarModule`](./NavbarModule.vue) and [`Footer`](./Footer.vue) components that are only rendered when the app is running in one of the non-production modes. These components are static images of the corresponding page elements in Gen2 and are strategically placed on the screen so that the developer can predict what the page would eventually look like in Gen2.
```
